Questions to ask to get correct information to the interviewer and using that information, we have to design our system:
1. What will be the active user count?
Eg. there are 500000 users out of which 300000 are active users and in order to take input from all the active users our system should be SCALABLE.


2. Is there any unexpected loads?
Will there be any unexpected traffic spike in certain period of month or year.
We should be able to handle uncertain traffic load expected over the weekend or sales as well.

3. Ask to yourself, whether it will be stateless or stateful?
Stateless goes away when we refresh while Statefull does not go away.
Eg. we don't want the content of cart to be lost away after we refresh the page then that is stateful application.

4. Will it be Global or Regional?
What will be the region for website. whether it will be a multi-region website and different users will access the website from different region such as US, India, Europe, etc.
Also we have to be complaint of data governance and data monitoring protocol of these regions.


5. Is this going to be on-premise or on Cloud Vendor?
ask whether this application will be deplyed on-premise or on cloud. if on cloud then ask have we decided cloud vendor yet.
if interviewer says any cloud then you decide on which cloud you will using for system design.

6. What will be the Data Source for my pipeline?
Eg. MySQL database to store data.

7. What is the frequency of the pipeline?
Ask whether it is a Batch processing pipeline or Real time streaming pipeline.
And ask what will be the frequency of pipeline?
Eg Monthly

8. What will be the generla data size per run?
Suppose we have total 15 tables and each table stores 1 GB of data every day and we have to run this on monthly basis.
So, 15Tables * 1GB * 30Days = 450 GB per month we have to process.

9. Do you have system on its place in cloud or is it on-premise? is it Migratiohn or New setup?
Eg. Migration: we have spark based on-premise system but we want to migrate it to cloud.

10. Who is the end-user?
Lets say we have three different users.
a. Business Analyst: Will write SQL queries on our data, perform some visualization and export those dashboards.
b. Data Scientist: Will run machine learning recommendation model for particular user.
c. Operational user: Will be responsible for running the pipeline from end-to-end.


